
# Changelog

## [1.15.0] - 2025-03-26

### Fixed

- Fix warnings when the 'Nullable' NET project property is enabled.
- Add missing .meta files for Unity.

## [1.14.0] - 2025-03-17

### Fixed

- Fix an issue where the Godot NuGet package failed to compile the source-only package by renaming the "buildTransient" folder to "build".

## [1.13.0] - 2025-03-16

### Added

- Add a .targets file to automatically include and compile the source files in consumer projects for seamless source-only package integration.

## [1.12.0] - 2025-03-16

### Added

- Add new Godot integration to the new Runtime/Integrations folder.

### Changed

- Move Unity integration to a new Runtime/Integrations folder.
- Change the NuGet package type to a source-only package.
- Add a new Directory.Build.props file to improve local development for Godot.
- Configure local development to target net8.0 when working with Godot.

### Improved

- Include LICENSE.md and CHANGELOG.md files in the final NuGet package.
- Rename the .csproj file to remove an extra dot from its filename.
- Update tags in package.json.
- Update the .editorconfig file.
- Update VSCode settings.json.

## [1.11.0] - 2025-03-13

### Improved

- Include README.md in the nuget package.
- Update README.md with instructions to install the package.

## [1.10.0] - 2025-03-13

### Improved

- Update csproj file to allow creating a nuget package.
- Update .gitignore to exclude autogenerated solution files by dotnet.

## [1.9.0] - 2021-06-19

### Added

- Add operators between matrices and vectors.
- Add Unity custom property drawers for all Vector structs.
- Add new WithX, WidthY, ... methods to Vector structs.
- Add float infinity constants to Math static class.
- Add new Log method for any base to Math static class.

### Improved

- Make all structs serializable.
- Make static default properties in several structs readonly.

## [1.8.0] - 2021-05-31

### Added

- Add two new LerpRounded methods.

### Improved

- Add IEquatable interface to all structs.

## [1.7.0] - 2021-05-24

### Added

- Add csproj file to allow compiling and using the library for native NET projects.

### Improved

- Update VSCode settings.json file to handle generated folders by dotnet compiler.
- Update .editorconfig to include generated folders by dotnet compiler.
- Update .gitignore to exclude generated folders by dotnet compiler.
